hey everybody welcome to this episode of
in the kitchen bringing great copy home
to you I'm in the kitchen barista today
we have a very special guest with us
what's your name Catherine Catherine is
going to help us answer the age-old
question what exactly is inside a cake
oh now for those of you who may be
unfamiliar I'm going to kick up this oh
I find that hard to believe these days
they're everywhere a cake up is the
little cups of coffee that go into a
machine like this built by curing or
Bravo has one that you can use them into
they make especially for the cake up
what it is it's it's a cup that goes
right in here this is your cake up it
goes in shut it you hit the brew button
and it brews your cup of coffee right
here so we're actually going to answer
the question what is it inside one of
those you've already through our coffee
good coffee
we've already brewed it because this
carrot bruise it at 192 degrees
which means what right after Bruce this
cake up is kind of warm and hot so what
I'm going to cool down so it's been
brewed and so now we're going to find
out what exactly is in this but captain
tell so Kevin what do you think is in it
do you think there's coffee in it how
could it be there there has to be coffee
in it
it's coffee so what do you think is in
it and that's it you just think that's
popular in it and beans and Wow yeah the
beans will be ground that's coffee
alright well let's open it up and see
what's in there
ready have you ever dissected anything
no that's cool okay careful no not to
around the edges
Octus Lee okay ready
feeling it back what's in this well
captain we said what's in it
Catherine said coffee so I see coffee in
here
plenty of coffee in here now we're going
to find out what's actually in every
size copy of anything else
this was a double bold or a bull copy so
they'd be lying there
anyone's gave it out I see something
else in there that's crucial oh I think
you found it what actually is crucial to
coffee when we put it in our brewer what
do we put in first what's not piece of
paper cup open it first starts with an F
coffee piece of paper goes in and then
it beans bow on it no no sex with that
filter yes okay
filtered so ready the captain found the
filter
okay so all the coffee is out there's
something on the sides of the cake up
here
it's filter it's right attached to the
wall so it doesn't come out drinking
brew which is why it's so hard for me to
get out but
take her game
you can record music right pull that out
Oh what is that there you go that is it
that is a little filter and the K cup is
empty so that's a loose ground cylinder
but that's it so what do we have we've
been answered it and done it answer the
question what is in a k-cup it's a
filter and coffee coffee grounds they've
already been grounds with their grounds
those are beans right so there you go
that's what does the magic of it push
the straight through pushes grounds
through the filter into the cup for a
great cup of coffee there we have it you
answer the age-old question Catherine
that's it for this episode of in the
kitchen now hopefully next time you have
a cake up yo you'll know what's in it or
maybe it'll be inspired to open it up
yourself and you can find out exactly
what's in it but it does get kind of
messy so until next time we'll see you
on the next episode of of what in the
kitchen so uh